kcap login — Authenticate via OAuth

Usage: kcap login [--discover] [--github] [--device]

Opens the system browser for OAuth authentication.

With no configured server (or with --discover), kcap runs tenant discovery:
it signs you in with your organization's single sign-on, then lets you pick
from the tenants you belong to. No --server-url and no existing profile are
required. Pass --github to sign in with GitHub instead. SSO discovery opens a
local browser callback, which a browser on another machine can't reach — so on
SSH sessions and in containers press "d" while it waits, or pass --device up
front, to sign in with a device code instead. With a server already configured,
kcap logs into it directly (the sign-in method is auto-discovered from the
server's /auth/config).

For GitHub, the default flow uses a localhost callback with PKCE when the
server advertises a code-exchange endpoint — the browser opens straight to
the authorize page and the CLI receives the code on a loopback listener.
The CLI falls back to GitHub Device Flow when the server doesn't advertise
that endpoint, in headless environments (SSH, no DISPLAY), or when the
loopback port can't be bound.

Options:
  --discover    Force tenant discovery even when a server is configured.
                Discovery signs you in, lists the tenants you belong to, and
                saves the chosen one as the active profile. To list them and
                change nothing, use `kcap setup --discover` instead.

  --github      Sign in with GitHub instead of your organization's SSO.

  --device      Skip the browser and use a device code: kcap prints a URL and a
                short code, and you approve on whatever machine has a browser.
                Works with org SSO and with GitHub. Useful for SSH sessions,
                containers without a browser, or any environment where the
                loopback callback can't be reached. You don't need it up front —
                press "d" while the browser sign-in is waiting to switch. A run
                with redirected input has no key to press, so it uses a device
                code without being asked.
